Release v0.1.12 September 20, 2019
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Changes
-------

* Connection of generators in lv_connect_generators
  was made deterministic. Before, this happened randomly leading
  to different lv_grids using the same input data. The network
  creation is now reproducible while lv_branches were reinforced
  differently before.
  Should solve
  `#245 <https://github.com/openego/ding0/issues/245>`_
  and at least parts of
  `#40 <https://github.com/openego/ding0/issues/40>`_.
* A proper sign convention (see :ref:`sign-convention-pq`) for P,Q is introduced
  `#266 <https://github.com/openego/ding0/issues/266>`_,
  see also `PR #271 <https://github.com/openego/ding0/pull/271>`_.

* Identification of critical nodes by VDE norm AR 4105 fixed. All power flows behind
  node are taken into account now. Solves
  `#300 <https://github.com/openego/ding0/issues/300>`_.

* Tests for MV and LV grids are introduced.
  Additionally, synthetically created grids are introduced, that can be used for
  testing.
  These tests verify the functionality of most of the functions in
  :mod:`~.core.network.grids` including the creation and modification of MV and
  LV grids (e.g. adding generators/transformators..). Focus lies on the appropriate
  creation of the graphs and it's corresponding routings.
  Tests are done in grids created with oedb-extracted data and/or synthetic grids,
  depending on the feature being tested.


* Equipment table data is cleaned so that only necessary literature values are used.
  Should solve
  `#296 <https://github.com/openego/ding0/issues/296>`_

* Labels of all components were made unique.

* ding0 now works without an OpenEnergy DataBase account thanks to changes
  in the ego.io package that allow readonly queries without a token.
