Release v0.1.11 month day, year
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Changes
-------

* Assignment of loads to generators in lv_connect_generators
  was made deterministic. Before this happened randomly leading
  to different lv_grids using the same input data. The network
  creation is now reproduceable while lv_branches were reinforced
  differently before. 
  
  Should solve 
  `#245 <https://github.com/openego/ding0/issues/245>`_
  and at least parts of 
  `#40 <https://github.com/openego/ding0/issues/40>`_.
* A proper sign convention (see :ref:`sign-convention-pq`)for P,Q is introduced
  `#266 <https://github.com/openego/ding0/issues/266>`_,
  see also `PR #271 <https://github.com/openego/ding0/pull/271>`_.

* Identification of critical nodes by VDE norm AR 4105 fixed. All power flows behind
  node are taken into account now. Solves
  `#300 <https://github.com/openego/ding0/issues/300>`_.

* This release includes new tests for MV and LV grids.
  Additionally, synthetically created grids are introduced, that can be used for
  testing.
  These tests verify the functionality of most of the functions in
  :mod:`~.core.network.grids` including the creation and modification of MV and
  LV grids (e.g. adding generators/transformators..). Focus lies on the appropriate
  creation of the graphs and it's corresponding routings.

  Test are done in grids created with oedb-extracted data and/or synthetic grids,
  depending on the feature being tested.


* Equipment table data is cleaned sothat only necessary literature values are used.

  Should solve
  `#296 <https://github.com/openego/ding0/issues/296>`_

* Various bugfixes that come with this PR.

* Reproducible labels.
